Add information about network usage of CLI tool (#1869)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/cli/network.rst

.. _ref_cli_edgedb_network:

===================================
Network Usage by Command-Line Tools
===================================

Generally command-line tools connect only to the database host. But
there are two exceptions:

> 1. At the start of the command-line tool it checks if version is up to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When the command-line tool starts, it checks if version is up to
```

   date. :ref:`Details <ref_cli_edgedb_version_check>`
2. The ``edgedb server`` family of commands and ``edgedb self-update``
   discover package versions and docker images and also invoke package

>    managers and docker engine to do some work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   managers and the docker engine to do some work.
```

Reviewer: Would be great to explicitly clarify what "some work" is.

Reviewer: I'd actually replace "some work" with something like "index updates" hyperlinked to the `ref_cli_edgedb_net_server` ref.

>    managers and the docker engine to do some work.
>    :ref:`Details <ref_cli_edgedb_net_server>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   managers and the docker engine to do :ref:`index updates and
   related data. <ref_cli_edgedb_net_server>`
```

.. _ref_cli_edgedb_version_check:

Version Check
=============

> Version check checks current version of command-line tool by fetching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version check checks the current version of command-line tool by fetching
```

``https://packages.edgedb.com/.jsonindexes/*.json``.

> Here is how request looks like::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is how such a request looks like::
```

    GET /archive/.jsonindexes/linux-x86_64.json HTTP/1.1
    host: packages.edgedb.com
    content-length: 0

>     user-agent: edgedb

Reviewer: Let's use an explicit user agent for the cli:

```suggestion
    user-agent: edgedb-cli
```
